Add changelog (#395)
scrapinghub/spidermon: CHANGES.rst

Release notes
=============

1.18.0 (2023-03-03)
-------------------

> - feature: Add return path option for amazon ses emails (`PR#381 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/381>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feature: Support setting the Return-Path for Amazon SES emails (`PR#381 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/381>`_)
```

- bug: Fix `BaseStatMonitor` failing in Scrapy Cloud when settings were provided as strings (`PR#378 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/378>_`)

> - feature: Add setting `SPIDERMON_FIELD_COVERAGE_SKIP_IF_NO_ITEM` to allow skipping `FieldCoverageMonitor` if not items were scraped (`PR#372 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/372>_`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feature: Add setting `SPIDERMON_FIELD_COVERAGE_SKIP_IF_NO_ITEM` to allow skipping `FieldCoverageMonitor` if no items were scraped (`PR#372 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/372>_`)
```

> - feature: Add `Fallback Actions`. `Action` now allows to define `fallback` field that may contain an additional `Action` to be executed if an exception is raised during the main action (`PR#365 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/365>_`)

Reviewer: It would be great if we could link “Fallback Actions” and “Actions” here to the corresponding documentation sections.

Also, mind that for monospace font in reStructuredText you need 2 `: ``` ``like this`` ```.

> - feature: Add `Fallback Actions`. `Action` now support allows to define a `fallback` field that may contain an additional `Action` to be executed if an exception is raised during the main action (`PR#365 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/365>_`)

Reviewer 2: There is some editing error here, I think "support" should be deleted?

- feature: Use `ItemAdapter` when working with items to prevent assumptions of item nature (`PR#358 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/358>_`)
- chore: Refactor code from `spider.contrib.scrapy` into `base`, `monitors` and `suites` subpackages (`PR#368 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/386>_`)

> - chore: Replace `tox pep8` funcionatily with `pre-commit` git hooks (`PR#387 <https://github.com/scrapinghub/spidermon/pull/387>_`)

Reviewer 2: Typo: "functionality"
